♪♪
♪ Looking in your eyes
I see a paradise ♪
♪ This world that I've found
is too good to be true ♪
♪ Standing here beside you ♪
♪ Want so much to give you ♪
♪ This love in my heart
that I'm feeling for you ♪
♪ Let 'em say we're crazy ♪
♪ I don't care about that ♪
♪ Put your hand
in my hand, baby ♪
♪ Don't ever look back ♪
♪ Let the world around us ♪
♪ Just fall apart ♪
♪ Baby, we can make it
if we're heart to heart ♪
♪ And we can build
this dream together ♪
♪ Standing strong forever ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
♪ And if this world
runs out of lovers ♪
♪ We'll still have each other ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪
♪ I'm so glad I found you ♪
♪ I'm not gonna lose you ♪
♪ Whatever it takes, I
will stay here with you ♪
♪ Take you to the good times ♪
♪ See you through
the bad times ♪
♪ Whatever it takes
is what I'm gonna do ♪
♪ Let 'em say we're crazy ♪
♪ What do they know ♪
♪ Put your arms
around me, baby ♪
♪ Don't ever let go ♪
♪ Let the world around
us just fall apart ♪
♪ Baby, we can make it
if we're heart to heart ♪
♪ And we can build
this dream together ♪
♪ Standing strong forever ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
♪ And if this world
runs out of lovers ♪
♪ We'll still have each other ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
stop us ♪
♪ Ooh, all that I need is you ♪
♪ You're all that I ever need ♪
♪ And all that I want to do ♪
♪ Is hold you forever ♪
♪ Forever and ever ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ And we can build
this dream together ♪
♪ Standing strong forever ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
♪ And if this world
runs out of lovers ♪
♪ We'll still have each other ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna
stop us ♪
♪ And we can build
this dream together ♪
♪ Standing strong forever ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
-♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
-♪ If this world
runs out of lovers ♪
♪ We'll still have each other ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ We can build this
dream together ♪
♪ Standing strong forever ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us ♪
-♪ Hey baby, whoa hoo ♪
-♪ We'll still have each other ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
-♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪
-♪ We can build this
dream together ♪
♪ Standing strong forever ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna stop us now ♪